doc(release): prepare release notes for Collect 23.10 (#3202)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Collect

### 23.10.6

Release date: `April 08, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Bug Fixes</summary>

- [Broker] BA initialization could result in KPIs having incoherent statuses. This was breaking the statuses of the BAs.
- [Broker] Fixed an issue that caused Broker to crash if an event was dispatched at the same time the process was reloaded.
- [Collect] Removed the unnecessary check of Anomaly Detection configuration files during the configuration test before deployment.

> - [Collect] Use perl-interpretor instead of perl for centreon-connector-perl packaging (rpm).
> - [Collect] Use perl-base instead of perl for centreon-connector-perl packaging (deb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Collect] perl-interpretor is now used instead of perl for centreon-connector-perl packaging (rpm).
- [Collect] perl-base is now used instead of perl for centreon-connector-perl packaging (deb).
```

> - [Collect] perl-interpretor is now used instead of perl for centreon-connector-perl packaging (rpm).
> - [Collect] perl-base is now used instead of perl for centreon-connector-perl packaging (deb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Collect] To limit dependencies, perl-interpretor is now used instead of perl in the centreon-connector-perl package (rpm).
- [Collect] To limit dependencies, perl-base is now used instead of perl in the centreon-connector-perl package (deb).
```
